{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
String-SubString\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Create your own class, input -> should be string, output -> method, should be return array of substrings.\cb1 \
\cb3 output method -> get all the substrings between the open-close tags: "(", ")", "[", "]", "<", ">" from the string\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Details:
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
in your class you can have only one method (output method)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
instead of additional methods, you should create and use blocks\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
blocks can be as many as you want\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
use MRC\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
your code shouldn't have leak. (Check your code on - Liak. Your code shouldn't have - Leak, use for that suitable tool)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Test data strings:
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 \cb3 String:
\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 @"Prime Minister <Narendra Modi> tweeted a <link> to the speech (Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani) <made> in the Lok Sabha during the ((debate) on the ongoing JNU row) and the suicide of Dalit scholar Rohith Vemula at the [Hyderabad Central University]."\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 \cb3 Result:
\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 -> "Narendra Modi", "link", "Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani", "made", "debate", "(debate) on the ongoing JNU row", "Hyderabad Central University"\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 \cb3 String:
\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 @"Lorem <(ipsum [dolor <sit] amet), consectetur adipiscing elit>. Integer nec odio. Praesent libero. Sed cursus ante dapibus diam. Sed nisi. Nulla quis sem at nibh elementum imperdiet>. Duis sagittis ipsum. Praesent mauris. Fusce nec tellus sed augue semper porta. Mauris massa. Vestibulum lacinia arcu eget (nulla. Class aptent <taciti [sociosqu ad] litora torquent per conubia> nostra), per inceptos himenaeos."\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 \cb3 Result:
\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 -> "(ipsum [dolor <sit] amet), consectetur adipiscing elit>. Integer nec odio. Praesent libero. Sed cursus ante dapibus diam. Sed nisi. Nulla quis sem at nibh elementum imperdiet", "ipsum [dolor <sit] amet", "sit] amet), consectetur adipiscing elit", "dolor <sit", "nulla. Class aptent <taciti [sociosqu ad] litora torquent per conubia> nostra", "taciti [sociosqu ad] litora torquent per conubia", "sociosqu ad"}